---
title: $20,000
date: 2021-08-01T12:36:21-04:00
---

"Let's go to the mat." Daniel turn to look at me [some kind of feeling] prolonged time. Neither of us say anything. He starts walking back to the homestead ahead of me. After some silence and moment of weakness, I plead how I can be flexible.

As we get near the homestead, he raises his voice and I tell him why he's wrong. 
He offers to find me boxes to help pack up my bedroom. I thank him as he brings them upstairs. He tells me how I'm going to ruin the lives of Rafael and Taylor, and what this means for the farm, and how he's trying to save the world. I press him what that means because I know it's bullshit.

He watches me pack my room. We talk about the complexities of legal jargon, and what makes a good legal document (one that is lay understandable!), and how everything is engineering, that a contract lawyer is an agreement engineer who primitives are human laws. He mentions that the latest most influential people are engineers, and how of course that makes sense. We talk about the farm robot, and how I'm bummed that I'll miss out on being part of it, and how I was just starting to get involved with the robot tooling. I tell him that when I started, I didn't see how the project could go anywhere, but now I'm seeing more potential. He says it's really going to start making waves. I ask myself if I'm making the best decision, and how this is such a unique opportunity. I remind myself of all the strings attached (and how I've had a physical repulsive reaction to being on the farm, and how I felt a physical release of stress for the first few weeks I was at my parents house).  

He insists that he carry the heavy items downstairs. I objlije and tell him we can load it into Wolfe's car. When going home initially, I anticipated this possibility, and move a moderate load out of my room. I didn't end up needing many of his boxes- I could fit everything in my two duffels. He offers to put us up in a hotel room for the night.

Still no conclusion / agreement / settlment / next steps
Find a meeting place in the guest house (set the mood, tone, lighting, place we never go on the farm)
He writes me a check for 30k infront of mindy and his son, Aiden. It's a superficially light mood. We write up an ad hoc agreement, make photocopies and sign.
Reflect on how I continued to negotiate but did so from a place of exhaustion and wanting to wrap things up, aka made consessions I wish I wouldn't've. Didn't anticipate the agreement going in this direction, and wasn't prepared. I set my minimum prior, but when I was exhaused, I offered that up and he took it. I think I'll perform better under exhausion next time. I still did a good job, but not as well and I think I could've.
Ends in a handshake and a hug and a check in hand.

Talk about prior day, he says he goes to the mat.
"What are you gonna take me for half a mil?"
Talk about the house construction and bedroom, and not having a room, and wanting to take the guest house but Mindy doesn't want me to.
